I've been meaning to tell y'all how I've
been keeping the birds off of my
blackberries since birds don't like
shiny objects that move I cut some mylar
bags into strips and I clip them to the
vines with some clothes pins if you
don't have any mylar bags I'm sure that
you could cut up something like a
Doritos bag they have the mylar on the
inside and that should work just fine
people used to hang aluminum pie pans
out and their gardens and all but that
just doesn't seem to work on the birds
anymore for some reason these my large
strips might look like metallic snakes
to them or something I don't know but it
has sure done the job if you don't have
any blackberry vines these multiply
rapidly if you only bought one you'd get
probably six coming off of the roots
within one season and everywhere that
the vine touches the ground it'll take
root and give you another plant and no
time at all you'd have a whole lot of
vines on your hands if you don't want
them to multiply like that then you
would need a trellis it up and keep them
off of the ground
these are thornless blackberries and
that's nice because you don't have to
worry about getting all cut up when
you're in there picking them or working
on them the berries are a lot bigger
than the ones that you get out of the
wild and they have a real good taste to
them too and somebody told me today that
I should remind people to subscribe to
my channel but that's something that I
never do and they said that a lot of
people don't even know what it means to
subscribe or how to do it so all it
means is if you subscribe to somebody's
channel then whenever they upload a new
video you'll be notified of it that's it
it doesn't cost you anything you won't
be bombarded with a bunch of junk mail
or anything like that and all you have
to do is click the button below that
says subscribe and I've never bothered
trying to drum up subscribers or
anything like that because my feeling on
it is you can drag a horse to water but
you can't make a drink and I would just
rather spend my time filling water
buckets and dragging horses and that's
it
but if you would like to subscribe to my
channel I'd be more than happy to have
you here there's a great bunch of people
that hang out on my channel they have
all kinds of good advice in the
at section if you just go through my
videos and sit and read the comment
sections you would learn a whole lot of
things and see very soon I'm going to
upload a video show on how I make
blackberry syrup out of these
blackberries and if you're subscribed
you won't miss it so that's how I keep
the birds off the blackberries and
that's how you can subscribe to channels
and I hope it helps